All right. So let's get ready for the challenge.
This is a pretty simple challenge that's based on one of the problems that we solved in this section.
If you recall, we had a problem for Frank's Carpet Cleaning Service,
where Frank charged so much per room.
Well, this is a little bit different. In this case, Frank has two charges.
One for small rooms and one for large rooms.
So as you can see here he charges $25 for small rooms
and $35 for large rooms.
The sales tax rate is still 6% and estimates are still valid for 30 days.
So what you need to do here is prompt the user
both for how many small rooms they want cleaned and how many large rooms they want cleaned
and then provide an estimate that looks something like this.
Number of small rooms, for example, 3, number of large rooms 1.
Price per small room $25, price per large room $35.
Calculate the cost. Calculate the tax and then come up with a total estimate
and tell them that the estimate is valid for 30 days.
Okay. So hopefully that makes a lot of sense. And here's a sample run
that you can see.
So here, hello welcome to Frank's Carpet Cleaning Service. How many small rooms would you like clean?
Let's say I want 3 small rooms cleaned and 1 large room clean.
And you can see here the estimate is number of small rooms 3,
number of large rooms 1- that's what I just typed in -
the price per small rooms is $25,
the price per large room is $35 and the cost is $110.
if you do the math, you can see that 3 x 25 is 75
plus 35 is 110. 6% of that is $6.60.
If you add it all together you get a $116.60.
And then you display, "This estimate is valid for 30 days".
All right. So give it a shot, take your time. I'm sure you'll do it just fine.
If you want to see the solution, in the next video, I'll present my solution to this problem.